well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about President Reagan fear love and a
science fiction cliche there's a cliche
in science fiction books and movies it
gets played out so often that people
probably think it's true that it's a
reality you've seen it in Independence
Day that's a good example of it when the
people from outer space arrive what
happens the entire world bands together
holds hands and defeats whatever it is
Reagan talked about this once probably
one of the weirdest things he's ever
said in public he said perhaps we need
some outside universal threat to make us
recognize this common bond I
occasionally think how quickly our
differences worldwide would vanish if we
were facing an alien threat from outside
this world sounds good
sounds good aliens show up and we all
hold hands and saying we are the world
and at the end of the movie everything's
better but see it sounds like a message
of love it sounds like a message of
interconnectedness that common bond
right but it's not it's not it's a
message of fear and it's telling us
exactly how government governs we can't
try to achieve this recognition of our
common bond this love this air
connectedness unless we have something
to be afraid of because that makes it
really easy to motivate people
he didn't have fear to unite people well
then you would have to actually work
lead it was true then and it's true now
the thing is that's not how it actually
plays out though when we have that
Universal threat it's not what happens
it never is we become more fragmented
and the powers that be whether it be the
government toward the mass media they go
out of their way to just instill more
fear so you follow your leader thinking
about our recent situation our current
one first couple weeks of coverage what
was it look at what's happening they
can't move this could happen to you at
any moment
be ready be afraid be very afraid yeah I
mean I guess that's good for cliques
gives a real visceral reaction but at
the same time it should be noted that
anybody who's at risk
owes the people who endured that pretty
big debt because they slowed the advance
they bought time
because we are all interconnected
instead if morphs into xenophobia we're
afraid of that's how the media spawn it
that's how they played it focused on the
fear follow your leader and then we have
our bumbling leadership if this was an
alien movie the person appointed to
spearhead the response is somebody who
really doesn't even seem to believe in
aliens and then you have President Trump
who is saying that he might decide to
close the Mexican border because that
would help somehow you know that is
exactly what a stable genius would do
though make sure that anybody entering
the country from there is checked and
unscreened because that will help with
our current situation but it appeals to
his rhetoric fear fear be afraid it
appeals to his base
I cannot wait for the day when we have
leadership that does not focus on
telling everybody to be a coward be a
great day follow your heart
don't follow your leader you know that's
how it plays out though governments use
fear to motivate their populace as they
always have hopefully that will
eventually end it doesn't look like it's
going to happen anytime soon though as
we go through bumpy times this situation
the economic situation whatever look for
the interconnectedness look for the love
it's there and it's easy to see if you
rise above the fear that fear is how
governments keep you in line it's how
they keep you in check fall in love
don't fall in line anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good night